We always admired friends who had sacrificed a lot for Jehovah and moved to a
place where they need us greater and it's always been our dream to experience it
ourselves. But at the same time we felt that we wouldn't be able to do something
like that. Even though we had the desire we felt that only superhumans can make
that kind of change in their lives. On the JW Broadcasting of August 2015 we saw
a very encouraging video about the Williams family and how they moved to
Ecuador. And we thought that in reality there wasn't anything standing in our
way so why couldn't we do the same? So we discussed it and decided on a date late
November 2017 and then we prayed to Jehovah. I read the 2016 year book and the
story about Indonesia really touched me. We saw that there is a great need in
many Asian countries and we thought maybe Thailand. We wanted to simplify our
lives even more so we moved to a smaller apartment. At the special convention in
Helsinki we met a couple who lives in Thailand and they gave us a lot of
advice and encouragement. We wrote a letter where we told a bit about ourselves
and then gave it to the service committee in our congregation. They then sent
the letter to the branch in Thailand. We sold our car and we also had the
opportunity to move in with Benjamin's parents. We received a tremendous help
from all in the congregation. For instance we needed to find a place to live, a car
and to know where to shop for food. And their love and encouragement has been
invaluable. We received a letter from the Thailand branch or response to the
letter we wrote earlier. They gave us information about the living expenses and
some pointers about the culture, the food and our spirituality in the new
environment. And we have felt more comfortable and motivated by knowing that we
have followed the directions from Jehovah. We have always felt encouraged by reading
experiences about brothers and sisters who have made sacrifices to Jehovah and
how they have been blessed but to experience it yourself is amazing. When a
problem or an obstacle arose, Jehovah was there and ready to help us and now
we're happy to enjoy the privilege of serving Jehovah here.